Version history of the Lix D/Allegro 5 port
===========================================

0.1.16
------

2015-12-16

All skills are implemented fully or mostly each, except for the miner,
which is missing completely still. Effects, like arrows, flying dig hammers,
and explosions, are missing.

Skills behave mostly identical to C++ Lix. Some extremely arcane behavioral
bugs were fixed while porting; report if things behave obviously strangely.
Probably also report if things behave differently.

Known differences: Exploder crater is 1 pixel smaller, diameter of 46 pixels
instead of 47 pixels, but should be completely symmetrical now. Blocker
doesn't get released on walker assignment; this is a bug of D Lix.

0.1.12
------

2015-11-30

Implemented builder and digger. The builder still draws on top of existing
land, which is merely a visual bug, not a physics bug. The digger makes
steel transparent, but the steel and terrain data inside the steel remains
present for physics; again only a visual bug.

0.1.5
-----

2015-11-19

Map detects mouse on the land properly, at least with zoom == 1. Priority
computation has been ported over. You can click lix and hear the assign
sound being played if the assignment were legal. Assignments aren't in yet.

0.1.4
-----

2015-11-15

Walker, Faller and Ascender are implemented and should perform like their
C++ versions. I would like to keep close to the C++ behavior for now.
Savestates have been implemented for framestepping. Skill assignments
are not possible yet.

0.1.2
-----

2015-10-30

Started implementing Lix skills. There will likely be no problem with them
scanning the terrain from the lookupmap. I'm anxious about them writing to
the terrain later on, when the more interesting skills get added.

0.1.0
-----

2015-08-24

First Windows build released on Lemmings Forums as a smoke test. It runs
well for most people. Drawing has bad performance still with about 3,500
animated gadgets, but is much better with about 200 than in the previous
months.

0.0.0
-----

2015-02-28

Started development by porting the fundamental Lix graphic classes from
Allegro 4.4 to Allegro 5 with the D Programming Language.
